#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via bs4
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.17.112
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-amazon-ses
botocore==1.20.112
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via fonttools
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via zenpy
celery[redis]==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via weasyprint
directory-validators==9.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-amazon-ses
    #   django-axes
    #   django-clear-cache
    #   django-countries-plus
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-moderation
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
django-amazon-ses==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-axes==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-clear-cache==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries-plus==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-markdownx==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modeltranslation==0.18.11
    # via -r requirements.in
django-moderation==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-recaptcha==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
drf-spectacular==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools[woff]==4.49.0
    # via weasyprint
gunicorn==19.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
idna==3.6
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
markdown==3.5.1
    # via django-markdownx
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
notifications-python-client==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
olefile==0.47
    # via directory-validators
pango==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-markdownx
    #   weasyprint
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydyf==0.9.0
    # via weasyprint
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
pypdf2==1.27.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via weasyprint
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   zenpy
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
raven==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.32.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests[security]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-countries-plus
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   zenpy
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-staff-sso-client
rpds-py==0.15.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
sigauth==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   mohawk
    #   python-dateutil
sorl-thumbnail==12.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   django-countries
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   kombu
tzdata==2023.3
    # via celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==61.2
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zenpy==1.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
